Add missing step in custom errors (#201)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/api/errors.mdx

    UNIQUE = "unique"
```

### Step 2: Add error codes to Django forms ValidationError mapper

> To allow parse form errors to proper the error code, add error class to `SALEOR_ERROR_CODE_ENUMS` in `saleor/graphql/core/utils/error_codes.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow parse form errors to the proper error code, add the error class to the `SALEOR_ERROR_CODE_ENUMS` in `saleor/graphql/core/utils/error_codes.py`.
```

> ### Step 2: Add error codes to Django forms ValidationError mapper
> 
> To allow parse form errors to the proper error code, add the error class to the  `SALEOR_ERROR_CODE_ENUMS` in `saleor/graphql/core/utils/error_codes.py`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Register newly created error code enum

To differentiate between built-in Django's error codes and the custom ones, add the error class to the  `SALEOR_ERROR_CODE_ENUMS` list in `saleor/graphql/core/utils/error_codes.py`.
```
